---
layout: post
title: "The Violence of the Image"
author: "Dodie Bellamy"
authorURL: /dodie-bellamy/
tag: 20181111
categories: 2018fall
permalink: /The-Violence-of-the-Image/
---

<br><br>
<br><br>
Last month the 1959 low-budget monster movie _Behemoth_ was on TV. I watched just the ending. The Behemoth, which looks like an elongated dinosaur with bulgy eyes, wiggles mechanically through the ocean. It’s way bigger than the submarine that’s trying to destroy it. Wham! It bashes against the side of the sub and water starts leaking from an overhead pipe, provoking tense meaningful eye contact between the two officers manning the controls. They maneuver for a better aim. One yells, “Fire!” and the other grits his teeth and presses a plunger, unloading a bomb that hits the monster in the head. It thrashes and sinks. “That’s it?” I thought. “They killed the thing with one shot?”  These days it would take at least 15 minutes of fast-cut struggle, for we citizens of the 21st century have learned that evil does not die easily. No longer is evil focused like a bad tooth you can root out and get on with your good life. Increasingly diffuse, the Big Scary now spreads across networks, sprouting anywhere. We have global warming; we have public executions that shock without warning; we have toxic waters, honey bees threatened with extinction, warnings of plague. In the White House, Americans have installed an irrational, lying, unaccountable crook who rages against “radical Islamic terrorists,” an embarrassingly redundant term. Isn’t radical implied in terrorist? Have you ever heard of a middle brow terrorist? A centrist terrorist? A give-a-cop-a-can-of-Pepsi-and-heal-the-world terrorist? When you’re an American, you’ve got so much to be embarrassed about. The U.S. has become a very stupid country, and stupidity married to power is danger squared. We’ve given a buffoon the nuclear code.
<br><br>
To be radical you need a wall to bounce your radicalism off of. When you live in a soup of cover ups, corruption, and general smarminess, is it possible to clear the mire enough to even find that wall? Those on the radical left claim—and rightly so—that global capitalism is the enemy. But late capitalism is a slippery beast, able to incorporate just about anything into its ravenous maw and spit it back out with a price tag attached. Blind, profit-driven virulence has infiltrated everything, its poison creeping both inside and outside of us. The Behemoth has swallowed the submarine and here we are, flailing in the slimy dark. In another 1950s cult favorite, _The Wild One_, a dancing blonde asks biker Marlon Brando, “Hey, Johnny, what are you rebelling against?” He bongos the top of a jukebox and snarls, “Whatta ya got?” What do we “got”? That is the central question facing us today. Without a focus, without a specific monster in mind to boom boom boom, radical enthusiasm can grind down to depression. We stop reading the news; we post pix of cats on Facebook, flowers on Instagram, obsessively checking for Likes. Or, like overcrowded rodents, we attack one another.
<br><br>
I’ve got a stalker. I used to be her favorite writer, but when I posted bad opinions in the comments box of another poet’s Facebook thread, her admiration switched to disdain. She instantly hated me and all I stood for, even things I didn’t realize I stood for, and she began an assault across social media, ridiculing and accusing me. I find it difficult, today, to forgive the poets who left encouraging comments for her. I felt shunned and despised, like there was no love in the world for me. Presently emails from online shopping sites began appearing in my in-box, confirming orders I didn’t order, informing me my credit card had been declined. My stalker is a monster. She wouldn’t argue with this. Making herself into a monster makes her feel special. It is difficult for the entitled to feel special. Tattoos and heavy eyeliner and revealing little dresses—everybody—even fat girls—has those. She posts pictures of her ass to social media; she likes pastries and favors the word “super.” My stalker is a bully. A bully can smell someone who has been previously bullied—the bully and the bullied fit together like jigsaw puzzle pieces. I imagine her alone in the middle of the night, ashtray on her nightstand overflowing with butts, drunk, or buzzed on Adderall, maybe both, afraid to sleep due to last night’s bout of sleep paralysis, the tension is unbearable—tight jaw compacted heart—she searches for something crappy online—adds it to her shopping cart, enters my name address phone number, which she copied down the summer she interned for that radical indie press—her taut little body vibrates as she enters a fake credit card number, presses the PLACE ORDER button, pummeling me with hubcaps peonies guitar strings silk sock liners—what a fucking rush what a release—almost as good as the burst she gets when she slices her inner thigh with a razor blade—it’s like she’s sending me all her pain, her disappointment her god-awful ordinariness. Afterwards she feels a terrible intimacy, that of the torturer who comes to love her victim.
<br><br>
With the election of Trump, poets decided that the only acceptable way to depict an American flag was upside down. When a provocateur poet posted a flag rightside up on Instagram, there was an angry Facebook thread about it. Poet A said that if he had known the flag poet was so fucked up, he never would have had him read in his series. Poets B and C proposed informing the flag poet’s employer about the offense and getting him fired. None of the poets noticed that the posted flag wasn’t a real American flag, but the fake Chinese-made flag that had been in the news, the one that unwitting patriots had purchased, with too many stars. Kevin back channeled poet B and pointed this out:  _That is not the regular flag. It has far too many stars. It is the 61-star flag that indicates the alternate history of America. Whether or not that’s a good thing or a bad depends how you feel about the flag today, and if you believe that the U.S. took a wrong turn somewhere back in history. The regular flag has only 50 stars—supposedly for each state in the union._ However, poet B didn’t back down. He said he couldn’t understand what a 61-star flag would signify. He said that regardless of the flag poet’s intention, to be oblique on something this sensitive was aggressive, and the rightside up flag still reinscribed violence.  If one is vague, poets will project the worst into your words. If you refer to a person but don’t name names, poets will assume it’s themselves or someone you’d never dream of. At Alley Cat Books the reader launches into a poem so politically correct you could bounce a dime off of it, political in all the right ways—and a poet in the audience starts nodding his head wildly back and forth as if it were a rattle. The rest of the reading he has a normal head. Political writing is straightforward, plain, and “learned,” prefaced by a declaration of the author’s identity markers.  _As a white cis American working class college-educated Baby Boomer who lives in California and prefers unoaked Chardonnay. ..._  Political writing is careful about who owns what experience. Someone tweets:  _She doesn’t have the right to talk about that,_ and you feel shame. When a poet rants against me and the politics of my writing on Facebook, she begins with “What kind of woman would. ...”  _What kind of woman_ implies a correct, proper version of femaleness—and I—not being that kind of woman—have crossed over into an impossible otherness. It doesn’t matter what else she goes on to accuse me of, _What kind of woman_ has declared me an abomination. Since childhood I’ve been criticized for my nonstandard female embodiment. I was savage and unruly, clomping through life like a bull—and now I’m an old white feminist—an oppressor in a pink pussy hat.  The Facebook poet’s curses scatter across my features like the points in facial recognition software, a surveillance grid that hardens on my face like a mask. No expression is possible in the tightness of her projections. Thought criminals need to be rooted out and shunned, the dead as well as the living. Cindy Sherman. Gandhi. Marjorie Perloff. Walt Whitman. _And what I assume you shall assume,/ For every atom belonging to me as good belongs to you._  Community walks within me and thus I contain both criminal and accuser. The idiocy of the American government, I contain that as well. In a muck of warring poets, I spew that war. Heriberto Yépez: _Networks are both migrants and the gatekeepers._ The madness of social media, it too walks within me. I operate in the dangerous and contradictory realm of the in-between. Neither goddess nor heroine, I am an old white feminist, a shriveled hag envious of my stalker’s fertility and youthful beauty. My hair is coarse and unkempt; my long hanging dugs bounce about like phalluses. I befoul Poetry with my personal essays, which are riddled with superstition, deceit, defective intelligence, lust, and debauchery. I am simultaneously horrific and ridiculous. My politics are so odious I’ve made pacts with rapists. Though he’s taken the form of a goat, I kiss the abuser’s backside; I apologize for him.
<br><br>
In a skit called “Silver Surfers,” Tracey Ullman plays a teacher who shows seniors how to troll the internet. A woman says she’d like to see her grandson’s YouTube channel. Tracey turns on a video of a grade school boy demonstrating something. She notes how the video is amateurish in quality, and tells the class that when you see somebody getting it wrong online it’s important to point it out to them. Tracey instructs the class to click the thumbs down button—or if they want to make it more personal to post a comment, using a fake name, in which they say either he has a voice like a girl or everyone here wishes he were dead. Tracey types on the grandmother’s computer, “Wish you were dead, loser.” “It’s a real thrill when you click that send button,” she says.
<br><br>
The internet, like late capitalism, is everywhere and nowhere. My stalker sends me objects that are not objects. They’re images I keep trying to push into language. According to capitalism, what you own you are. Lawn plants, chenille bedspread, frilly dresses, Forest Friends felt Christmas ornament kit, fish pond water conditioner, hubcaps. What is the stalker saying to/about me through these suburban talismans? According to capitalism, whoever controls images controls the world. I say to my psychic, I think I know who’s been stalking me, but I’m not sure. My psychic says, _you know_. How can I control these images that have been thrust upon me? I imagine a woman who wears floral dresses, a widow with a four-year old toddler. She loved her husband and always wears a peridot pendant that contains a bit of his ashes. She’s a photographer who plays the cello and drives a motorcycle. Alone in the house she feels vulnerable, so she keeps a gun under her pillow. She has a home office, a file box where she stores her photos. She’s femmy and a bit old fashioned. She sleeps under a tufted chenille bedspread; she uses face firming creams and bikini exfoliators. She’s trying to fix herself up to get another man. She gardens, preferring bulb plants from Holland—so she lives somewhere with a yard, a rural or suburban landscape. People do not suspect her wildness—the gun, the motorcycle—but it’s there waiting to take over. She likes bargains, preferring to buy things on sale, with coupon codes or open boxes. She has a Blu-ray player to help her through her lonely nights. Or maybe she met a man who owns a gun. He’s a rebel who deserves her bikini-groomed snatch. This new man likes porn; when she’s ready he plans to share some with her on the Samsung Blu-ray player he noticed in the living room. They sit in her garden with its lush greens, irises, and peonies, holding hands, kissing lightly, then more and more passionately. Let’s make it the guy who has the motorcycle. He’s a Marlon Brando type—a vet who’s living off of disability—going to art school in photography, and these things my stalker ordered are gifts for him, the wheel, the gun cleaner, the camera. She drives a car—a fully restored 61 Dodge Polara, which totally impresses the vet. That’s how they met—at a light he pulled up beside her on his motorcycle and asked her if she wanted to grab some coffee. After the coffee, the woman and the photographer fuck in the garden beside the koi pond, which is mercifully devoid of chlorine fumes thanks to Tetra Pond AquaSafe Tap Water Conditioner. Their sex is protected from nosey neighbors by a clump of kingsize hostas. The female koi are named after female science fiction writers, Doris Lessing, Octavia Butler; the male fish are named after 20th century avant garde composers, Boulez, Webern. Last week raccoons ate Ursula K. Le Guin, and before that they got Joanna Russ and Schoenberg, so that the woman is considering replacing the koi with a cheaper species, such as goldfish. The vet’s cock is pink and clean, squeaky clean like the Army taught him to keep it in their anti-VD training videos, well-scrubbed as his gun, the barrel of which he regularly plunges with Brownells Moly Bore Treatment Paste. The woman’s Diane von Furstenberg dress is pushed up to her waist. The vet pulls out his Nikon Coolpix and shoots a close up of the twig and gravel scratches on her ass. The Samsung Blu-ray player blasts “Bang a Gong.” HUBCAP DIAMOND STAR HALO. According to capitalism, accessories are personality. Commodities morph into character traits, morph into narrative momentum. Personal memories and product reviews on Amazon provide supplemental details. My fuck scene would be more erotic if there were more of a buildup but the woman is always ready. Too eager, perhaps. She can come without touching herself. Her cunt is so strong it could lift barbells, if she owned any. Sometimes the photographer complains she’s clenching him too tightly, but her cunt is ravenous for him, wants to absorb every drop his cock can offer. Afterwards she doesn’t wash, enjoying his semen smeared over her legs and belly, dripping out of her, and besides, the stalker hasn’t ordered her any soap.
<br><br>
The first target of massive internet shaming and harassment was Monica Lewinsky, in 1998. She was 22 years old and, being the first, she had no context or support to help her cope. These days she finds comfort and purpose in her work with anti-harassment and bullying organizations. Her taped phone conversations with Linda Tripp are available on YouTube, hours of rambling female intimacy. I envy the closeness of the two women, the way they coddle the micro details of one another’s lives—everything from the temptation of donuts at the hairdresser—Monica’s favorite is white frosting with multi-colored sprinkles—to why won’t Bill call me. The conversations begin after Clinton has dumped Monica and track her heartbreak and desperate attempts to contact him. I’d love to have a girlfriend I could talk to endlessly about all my shit—someone as doting and supportive as Linda, someone who would slather me with such love. The betrayal by Tripp alone would devastate anyone—and that’s just a footnote to Monica’s collapse. If old white feminists ruled the world, one woman defiling another would be a capital offense.
<br><br>
On Facebook, a male poet posts a photo of a naked man striding down the street. In the comments section, a female poet writes she finds the photo so upsetting her hands are shaking, and she just has to speak out. She’s decided the person in the photo is a mentally ill homeless man—even though there is nothing in the photo or the male poet’s post that announces that. Her extreme reaction to her (own) invented narrative prompts her to condemn the male poet and the hundred people who liked the image. I read on the internet that suggesting self-control online is _tone policing_, and I am wrong to go there. Maybe she’s right, we’re all a bunch of assholes laughing at the disenfranchised—or maybe he’s a gay nudist—in San Francisco it’s not uncommon to see naked men walking down the street, alone or in groups. The photo is of the man’s back, taken at a distance, maybe he has a glittering gold tube sock stuck on his cock. I’ve seen so many men with socks on their cocks—including panhandling teens on Castro Street. To get more money, I assume. No matter how much you stare at the image, it refuses to cough up more clues. Is it possible to keep your righteous fingers away from the keyboard? Is it possible to live without diminishing or oppressing another? Jain ascetics with soft broomsmade of shed peacock feathers, gently sweeping the ground lest they step on an insect. What are the limits of reverence?
<br><br>
We make soup, we write tight little narratives where all messy threads are tied up, neatly, at the end. We read books on organizing our home. Rooms turn vast with order, with simplicity. We have only what we need, what we cherish, and there is a place for everything we own. Possessions are instantly findable and they are happy to serve us. The stalker destroys time, categories, and meaning, locking memories and dreams in the present moment. The mind strains against the body to push thoughts out. Everything is impure. The daily taunts and jeers I experienced as a child are happening right now right here. I’m pooping my guts out, taking slow breaths against the pain. My body is twisting my subjectivity, wringing it out like one of those old-time washing machines my grandmother had. Whenever anyone laughs they are laughing at me. The stalker has broken the frame. The process of writing this essay creates a new frame that proves I am capable of at least the most basic adult human functioning. How do you express trauma when linearity fails you? You order products online for your enemy. When the past possesses the present you enter the now now now of spurting adrenaline, and your irises spin like pinwheels. The pix shriek nobody wants you here the pix shriek you are hated everybody hates you. I publish a piece in a journal my stalker has also published in. I imagine her reading it with scorn, searching for bits out of context she can use to destroy me. “Dodie Bellamy said” becomes a tagline to ruin. On _Nashville_, Will, the gay character, is being bashed on Twitter and bam! his trauma is my trauma panic blots out the present like one of those bags terrorists shove over a captive’s head. I am forever a child useless and humiliated. I am a radiant pink clit inflamed by the eros of my stalker’s loathing.
<br><br>
My stalker hates capitalism. I believe she hates capitalism more than she hates me. Headline on the internet: _A majority of millennials now reject capitalism, poll shows_. My stalker says that if she could have anything in the world she wished for, it would be to destroy capitalism. My stalker believes that by shoplifting items made by slaves in China she is fucking capitalism. When I was young I’d shoplift with friends but I was too much of a pussy to do it on my own. My friend Jackie—who was a pro—and I would come home with huge hauls of stuff, most of which I’d end up not wanting, and I had to figure out how to get rid of. Before we went on a run, we’d put on makeup and work dresses and little heels; our aesthetic was _clueless middle class bargain hunter_. Jackie’s first rule: no backpacks or large purses while shoplifting. We carried moderately-sized shoulder bags. They looked like they couldn’t hold much of anything—but you’d be surprised. I once smashed a fluffy pink prom dress into one. Jackie’s second rule was entitlement. When she found a stainless steel fish poacher she liked, she just picked it up and marched out of Macy's with it, and nobody blinked. Despite its heart-thumping arousal, hours of nonstop shoplifting was exhausting. I felt buried in commodity culture and the treadmill of consumption that drives capitalism’s insatiable thrust. It was gross. When Jackie and I returned to my apartment, we dumped our haul onto my bed in a jumbled mountain, and then we belly-flopped onto it, shrieking, carefree as dogs rolling around in shit.
<br><br>
One night, over a period two hours, thirteen things were ordered in my name, each from a different website. Then a coupleof hours later, another item, bringing the total to fourteen in one evening. Could one person possibly have ordered this much, this quickly? Or was somebody throwing a Harass Dodie party? I sat down at my desk and started emailing the companies—This order is fraudulent. I also downloaded the product photos per artist friend Kristina Lee Podesva’s suggestion. When I told her about my stalker, excitement spread across Kristina’s face and she exclaimed, “Document this!” The order confirmations were coming in so furiously I couldn’t keep up. I could only imagine that the person on the other end was tweaking. I checked my stalker’s Twitter feed. She tweeted before the ordering frenzy began and then not again until ten or fifteen minutes after it ended, when she wrote—My mother just asked me if I was on heroin. A few minutes later she tweeted—I’m reading in Philadelphia, if you come bring me flowers—peonies. Peony bulbs were one of the fourteen items. The world goes crazy with connection. I say to my psychic, I think I know who it is, but I’m not sure. My psychic says, _you know_.  My stalker sends me a widow’s walk and a necklace to contain the ashes of a loved one—is she casting a spell of doom on me? What does an office chair mean? It requires work for me to write back to all these companies, but it also requires a hell of a lot of commitment and focused attention for her to order all this stuff.  Her curated images are about potential, about our post-industrial condition, in which we sit at machines pushing around bytes, alone, longing to reach out.  Glamor shots of merchandise hail her and she clicks them with the grammarless fever of a rat clicking a food-delivery lever. Eventually the image objects arrive on my computer and I click them with confusion and fear and anger, but also with a twinge of pleasure that reminds me of playing _Monument Valley_, my bumbling attempts to navigate a twisting architecture whose rules endlessly elude. Objects speak with the indeterminacy of a cry, garbled like puppets with their lips sewn shut. Yet it’s impossible not to narrativize them. To the protest, my stalker wears cotton toddler panties stretched tight across her cooch. Beneath her sheer Diane Von Furstenberg dress, areolas bloom, lush pink peonies. Comrades and government infiltrators alike find her unbearably sexy. Anything you send a writer is a gift. A suicidal young woman pulls up on a motorcycle. I rub her face into my desiccated crotch, suck the bloom from her cheeks and cough up bile. My breath is so foul sperm curdles and young Marxists faint. _I too am not a bit tamed, I too am untranslatable,/ I sound my barbaric yawp over the roofs of the world_.
<br><br>
Before I became a middle class person I shopped only at thrift stores, so the clothes I owned were jeans, striped long-sleeved tees, and party dresses. When I got my first middle class job, I went to Macy's and charged these awful outfits—polyester pants suits, etc.—I looked like a clown, a droopy professional clown. The middle class likes different things than the working class, but we all want things things things things—even homeless people in my neighborhood wheel shopping carts and suitcases overflowing with things. If capitalism were destroyed, would the homeless have better things? The viscosity of capitalism swallows us. We are never sure if we are inside or outside of it. It spreads over the globe making things stick together. I walk down the street wearing bits of China India Portugal Vietnam, and occasionally the USA. The ghosts of nameless workers vape from my silhouette, rendering me not one but many.  My boss said my best middle class outfit was one I shoplifted with Jackie—a navy cashmere shift by Ralph Lauren. For the bourgeois subject wouldn’t guilt be a more appropriate response than hate? Perhaps guilt is what’s really behind the attacking of those perceived politically impure. Like a game of tag, you spread the cooties to those not deft enough to sidestep your fingering. Anyone who’s seen a zombie movie knows that when capitalism is destroyed we don’t get utopia. We get poetry bandits who police the perimeters. Law like a person has an unconscious. What my stalker really wants to destroy is the stink of trauma that wafts off of her.
<br><br>
I provide a focal point for my stalker’s hate, a manageable target for the all-consuming vastness of her rage. If she didn’t have me, maybe she’d jump off a bridge or shoot up a post office, who knows. It’s the middle of the night and all this pressure is trapped in her body, enormous pressure she can’t release. She wants to sigh, to scream, to burst out crying. But nothing moves. Stuck in a limbo of angst, where sadness and fury are all mucked up together, ongoing and escalating, my stalker looks over her list of enemies. It’s Dodie tonight. People rarely do things just to be wicked—they act because they’re convinced they’ve encountered evil, convinced that innocents need protecting—or they perceive their livelihood is threatened—or a great wrong has been committed against them. Throughout history, horrible things—I don’t need to list them—have been done with God on our side, things that must have felt honorable at the time, but whose cruelty today shocks us. Powerful feelings can fuck you up, especially when fucked-up you feel you have the right to fuck up others. On the internet I read about a guy who stalked a woman for five years. Helen reported 125 incidents of harassment but the police did nothing until he attacked her with a pair of scissors, stabbing her multiple times on the neck, face, and back.  It took a lot of googling to find out what Helen did to deserve her “living nightmare.”  She met Joseph at a halfway house where she was recovering from an eating disorder. They became friends, until one night Joseph asked Helen to drive him and another friend to see a band called Carnaby Street. Helen didn’t feel up to it and said she’d text him if she changed her mind. Joseph felt stood up, and his affection for Helen instantly turned into burning hatred. So he vandalized her car, made silent phone calls, left a dead cat on her doorstep, smashed her windows, sent her letters calling her fat and rat-faced, spray-painted Die Helen across a brick wall, nearly killed her. Because she didn’t go to a concert. There is always a reason to destroy another. Anybody who needs a reason will find one. I was my stalker’s favorite writer until I posted a comment on a poet’s Facebook thread, three years ago.  Before that I have no memory of having met her or heard of her. Though I think that’s not true; most likely I was in many rooms with her, rooms filled with poetry.
<br><br>
I learn from the internet that mobbing should not be confused with gang stalking. Mobbing is perpetrated by a closed, defined group, such as an academic department or poetry community. Gang stalking is perpetrated by government/corporate agencies. Black vans sit outside your apartment, trail you down the street. Satellites beam voices into your brain via nanotechnology implanted in your skull. The voices are relentless and abrasive. They say everybody hates you. They urge you to harm yourself and others. Eventually you find out you are part of a vast government/corporate experiment whose goal is to break people, and then through mind control to create spies who don’t even know they’re spies. Mind control makes the best kind of spy because no matter how much the targeted individual is tortured, they can’t reveal secrets they don’t know they have. Their secrets are hidden deep within their brain behind an altar that only the programmers know how to unlock. The Russians have implanted nanotechnology inside Trump’s head, and that’s why he does their bidding. The programmers can kill you by remote control, make your heart clench, make you vomit liters of black goo. The whole thing’s set up to look like paranoid schizophrenia so that targeted individuals aren’t taken seriously. But these people hold conventions and tell their stories to the masses via websites and YouTube videos.  _Vice_ made a documentary about them. The psychological torture is so intense, many targeted individuals commit suicide. Some of them give in to the voices and go on a shooting spree. The internet is a cacophony of voices beaming love or hate at you, depending on your age race gender sexual preference body type politics. The internet can gather 2000 signatures against you overnight. You can be condemned on the merest wisp of data. Even if you aren’t the one who committed a crime, if you criticize mob action in the comment section of a poet’s Facebook feed, you’re labeled an apologist and you’re just as evil as the worst rapist or racist, and young women you barely know will hate you forever. If you protest they’ll hate you even more. If you block them on Facebook they’ll condemn you for silencing them. They’ll post screenshots of things you’ve written—out of context—and since you’re old and not as online savvy you don’t know how to make each post discrete, like a hologram with its context imbedded within it rather than depending on other posts for context. Powerful male mentors will boost their slanderous lies about you and no one will come to your defense except Brian Kim Stefans, who lives like a million miles away in Los Angeles. Locals will tell you privately they agree with you and they’re appalled by your treatment but they dare not say anything. And young guys who you thought were your friends will lecture you on your anti-feminist behavior. There’s only one response available to any guy who would lecture you on feminism and that’s fuck off, but still your heart breaks because you cared for them in an age-appropriate way, as if they were cute spaniels with big floppy ears. The poetry community you’ve been devoted to since the early 80s is no longer safe, and even those who didn’t mob you, you see them mobbing others, and this you cannot abide. On the internet you learn that when someone is directing negative energy at you, you should imagine yourself covered by mirrors and bounce that negative energy back to them. You should ground yourself by drinking chlorophyll, trace minerals, and specially ionized water.
<br><br>
By harassing me does my stalker believe she’s saving Poetry or is she merely a sociopath lusting for blood? I read on the internet that stalking is like a long rape. Before such violence there is no place for obliqueness. Every piece I’ve ever written has centered around love, no matter how fucked up its manifestation. But this girl and her actions, I can find no love here to cling to, not even a spark. She’s like that evil queen who fed Snow White the poison apple. She’s a cliché of viciousness the internet has birthed. I sit at the computer fortressed in mirrors, my eyes peering through a narrow slit. I click the Mail icon. Something new has been ordered—three jars of moly bore treatment paste. I learn on the internet that your rub this paste on the inside of your rifle barrel in order to reduce friction for minimum fouling, faster, easier cleanup, and longer barrel life. My stalker posts Tinder screenshots from interested guys below her league and ridicules them. She posts provocative pictures of herself—flimsy teddies and wisps of panties she can pull aside in order to selfie her ass—and fantasizes the FBI agents she’s sure are surveilling her because she’s a radical are jerking off to her image. When I was a child I fantasized God was watching me, and so I would do cute things for God, inspired by the TV show _Candid Camera_, which made Cold War surveillance culture fun. At any moment you could step out of ordinary life and do something adorable or amusing enough to be broadcast to all of America. With earbud attached to a coiled cord that trails from ear to back of neck and disappears into their dark jackets, FBI agents are forced to observe you. It is their job to remain professional and implacable, but your dirty talk on Twitter, your skimpy selfies are so damned seductive—flies zip open, well-scrubbed cocks pop out, sunglassed heads arc backwards in rapture. I learn on the internet that people who try to harm you are in fact possessed by negative entities, entities that they are unaware of. Therefore I say to my stalker—_You need to ground and clear yourself because you seem to be possessed. In your latest selfies you look awfully animalistic. You should drink some chlorophyll and wear a lead-lined hoodie to bed to protect yourself from the government/corporate complex that is beaming these terrible thoughts into your head._
<br><br>


<!-- End of page -->
<!-- Start of Bottom Footer -->

<nav class="nav justify-content-center" style="box-shadow: 0 2px 2px -2px rgba(0,0,0,0);">
  <div class="nav-container">
    <a href="{{ site.baseurl }}/">
      <h2 class="nav-title">{{ empty }}</h2>
    </a>
    <ul style="position: relative">
      <!-- <li><a href="{{ site.baseurl }}/">Issue</a></li> -->
      <li class="nav-item"><a class="nav-link" href="{{ '/2018-fall' | prepend: site.baseurl }}">2018</a></li>
      <li class="nav-item"><p>|</p></li>
      <li class="nav-item"><a class="nav-link" href="{{ '/2019-fall' | prepend: site.baseurl }}">2019</a></li>
      <li class="nav-item"><p>|</p></li>
      <li class="nav-item"><a class="nav-link" href="{{ '/people' | prepend: site.baseurl }}">People</a></li>
      <li class="nav-item"><p>|</p></li>
      <li class="nav-item"><a class="nav-link" href="{{ '/about' | prepend: site.baseurl }}">About</a></li>
    </ul>
  </div>
</nav>

<div class="container">

  <section id="sec1">
    <div class="row">
      <div class="col-md-3">
        <ul>
          <li style="font-family: 'Work Sans','Segoe UI',Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif;list-style-type: none;"><a style="color:#000;" href="{{site.baseurl}}/dodie-bellamy/">Dodie Bellamy</a></li>
          <ul>
            <li style="font-family: 'Work Sans','Segoe UI',Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif;list-style-type: none;"><a style="color:#000;" href="{{site.baseurl}}/The-Violence-of-the-Image/">The Violence of the Image</a></li>
            <li style="font-family: 'Work Sans','Segoe UI',Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif;list-style-type: none;"><a style="color:#000;" href="{{site.baseurl}}/Stuff-My-Stalker-Has-Ordered-for-Me-Online/">Stuff My Stalker Has Ordered for Me Online</a></li>
          </ul>
        </ul>
      </div>
      <div class="col-md-3">
        <ul>
          <li style="font-family: 'Work Sans','Segoe UI',Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif;list-style-type: none;"><a style="color:#000;" href="{{site.baseurl}}/may-lee-chai/">May-lee Chai</a></li>
          <ul>
            <li style="font-family: 'Work Sans','Segoe UI',Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif;list-style-type: none;"><a style="color:#000;" href="{{site.baseurl}}/White-Rabbits/">White Rabbits</a></li>
          </ul>
        </ul>
      </div>
      <div class="col-md-3">
        <ul>
          <li style="font-family: 'Work Sans','Segoe UI',Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif;list-style-type: none;"><a style="color:#000;" href="{{site.baseurl}}/tongo-eisen-martin/">Tongo Eisen-Martin</a></li>
          <ul>
            <li style="font-family: 'Work Sans','Segoe UI',Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif;list-style-type: none;"><a style="color:#000;" href="{{site.baseurl}}/Fish-With-Ambition-to-Become-the-River/">Fish With Ambition to Become the River</a></li>
            <li style="font-family: 'Work Sans','Segoe UI',Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif;list-style-type: none;"><a style="color:#000;" href="{{site.baseurl}}/Two-Nights-on-16th-Street/">Two Nights on 16th Street</a></li>
            <li style="font-family: 'Work Sans','Segoe UI',Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif;list-style-type: none;"><a style="color:#000;" href="{{site.baseurl}}/Many-Does-To-Go-Or-Turns-The-Pen/">Many Doses To Go Or Turns the Pen</a></li>
          </ul>
        </ul>
      </div>
      <div class="col-md-3">
        <ul>
          <li style="font-family: 'Work Sans','Segoe UI',Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif;list-style-type: none;"><a style="color:#000;" href="{{site.baseurl}}/jennifer-firestone/">Jennifer Firestone</a></li>
          <ul>
            <li style="font-family: 'Work Sans','Segoe UI',Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif;list-style-type: none;"><a style="color:#000;" href="{{site.baseurl}}/Selections-from-Ten/">Selections from Ten</a></li>
          </ul>
        </ul>
      </div>
    </div>
  </section>
  <section id="sec2">
    <div class="row">
      <div class="col-md-3">
        <ul>
          <li style="font-family: 'Work Sans','Segoe UI',Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif;list-style-type: none;"><a style="color:#000;" href="{{site.baseurl}}/sheila-heti/">Sheila Heti</a></li>
          <ul>
            <li style="font-family: 'Work Sans','Segoe UI',Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif;list-style-type: none;"><a style="color:#000;" href="{{site.baseurl}}/Literature-Against-Anxiety/">Literature Against Anxiety</a></li>
          </ul>
        </ul>
      </div>
      <div class="col-md-3">
        <ul>
          <li style="font-family: 'Work Sans','Segoe UI',Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif;list-style-type: none;"><a style="color:#000;" href="{{site.baseurl}}/lorelei-lee/">Lorelei Lee</a></li>
          <ul>
            <li style="font-family: 'Work Sans','Segoe UI',Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif;list-style-type: none;"><a style="color:#000;" href="{{site.baseurl}}/Leaving-San-Francisco/">Leaving San Francisco</a></li>
          </ul>
        </ul>
      </div>
      <div class="col-md-3">
        <ul>
          <li style="font-family: 'Work Sans','Segoe UI',Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif;list-style-type: none;"><a style="color:#000;" href="{{site.baseurl}}/miranda-mellis/">Miranda Mellis</a></li>
          <ul>
            <li style="font-family: 'Work Sans','Segoe UI',Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif;list-style-type: none;"><a style="color:#000;" href="{{site.baseurl}}/The-Imperceptible-Utopia/">The Imperceptible Utopia</a></li>
            <li style="font-family: 'Work Sans','Segoe UI',Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif;list-style-type: none;"><a style="color:#000;" href="{{site.baseurl}}/To-Not-Become-a-Pillar-of-Salt/">To Not Become a Pillar of Salt</a></li>
          </ul>
        </ul>
      </div>
      <div class="col-md-3">
        <ul>
          <li style="font-family: 'Work Sans','Segoe UI',Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif;list-style-type: none;"><a style="color:#000;" href="{{site.baseurl}}/christopher-merrill/">Christopher Merrill</a></li>
          <ul>
            <li style="font-family: 'Work Sans','Segoe UI',Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif;list-style-type: none;"><a style="color:#000;" href="{{site.baseurl}}/Rustams-Throne/">Rustam's Throne</a></li>
          </ul>
        </ul>
      </div>
    </div>
  </section>
  <section id="sec3">
    <div class="row">
      <div class="col-md-3">
        <ul>
          <li style="font-family: 'Work Sans','Segoe UI',Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif;list-style-type: none;"><a style="color:#000;" href="{{site.baseurl}}/katherine-min/">Katherine Min</a></li>
          <ul>
            <li style="font-family: 'Work Sans','Segoe UI',Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif;list-style-type: none;"><a style="color:#000;" href="{{site.baseurl}}/On-Being-a-Sprinter/">On Being a Sprinter</a></li>
            <li style="font-family: 'Work Sans','Segoe UI',Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif;list-style-type: none;"><a style="color:#000;" href="{{site.baseurl}}/On-Being-Humpty-Dumpty/">On Being Humpty Dumpty</a></li>
          </ul>
        </ul>
      </div>
      <div class="col-md-3">
        <ul>
          <li style="font-family: 'Work Sans','Segoe UI',Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif;list-style-type: none;"><a style="color:#000;" href="{{site.baseurl}}/laura-mullen/">Laura Mullen</a></li>
          <ul>
            <li style="font-family: 'Work Sans','Segoe UI',Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif;list-style-type: none;"><a style="color:#000;" href="{{site.baseurl}}/Scream/">Scream</a></li>
            <li style="font-family: 'Work Sans','Segoe UI',Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif;list-style-type: none;"><a style="color:#000;" href="{{site.baseurl}}/Elsie-Disclaimer/">Elsie (Disclaimer)</a></li>
            <li style="font-family: 'Work Sans','Segoe UI',Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif;list-style-type: none;"><a style="color:#000;" href="{{site.baseurl}}/Elsie-The-Coward/">Elsie The Coward</a></li>
            <li style="font-family: 'Work Sans','Segoe UI',Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif;list-style-type: none;"><a style="color:#000;" href="{{site.baseurl}}/Elsie-Doesnt-Mind/">Elsie Doesn't Mind</a></li>
            <li style="font-family: 'Work Sans','Segoe UI',Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif;list-style-type: none;"><a style="color:#000;" href="{{site.baseurl}}/El-C-the-C/">El C the C</a></li>
            <li style="font-family: 'Work Sans','Segoe UI',Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif;list-style-type: none;"><a style="color:#000;" href="{{site.baseurl}}/The-Imaginary-Begins/">The Imaginary Begins</a></li>
            <li style="font-family: 'Work Sans','Segoe UI',Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif;list-style-type: none;"><a style="color:#000;" href="{{site.baseurl}}/C-Section/">C Section</a></li>
            <li style="font-family: 'Work Sans','Segoe UI',Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif;list-style-type: none;"><a style="color:#000;" href="{{site.baseurl}}/Queen-of-Muses/">Queen of Muses</a></li>
          </ul>
        </ul>
      </div>
      <div class="col-md-3">
        <ul>
          <li style="font-family: 'Work Sans','Segoe UI',Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif;list-style-type: none;"><a style="color:#000;" href="{{site.baseurl}}/ron-silliman/">Ron Silliman</a></li>
          <ul>
            <li style="font-family: 'Work Sans','Segoe UI',Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif;list-style-type: none;"><a style="color:#000;" href="{{site.baseurl}}/from-Parrot-Eyes-Lust/">from Parrot Eyes Lust</a></li>
          </ul>
        </ul>
      </div>
      <div class="col-md-3">
        <ul>
          <li style="font-family: 'Work Sans','Segoe UI',Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif;list-style-type: none;"><a style="color:#000;" href="{{site.baseurl}}/ross-simonini/">Ross Simonini</a></li>
          <ul>
            <li style="font-family: 'Work Sans','Segoe UI',Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif;list-style-type: none;"><a style="color:#000;" href="{{site.baseurl}}/Interview-with-Paul-McCarthy/">Legs Spread, Mask On:  Reflections on Snow White, Deleuze, and Late Capitalism</a></li>
          </ul>
        </ul>
      </div>
    </div>
  </section>
  <section id="sec4">
    <div class="row">
      <div class="col-md-3">
        <ul>
          <li style="font-family: 'Work Sans','Segoe UI',Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif;list-style-type: none;"><a style="color:#000;" href="{{site.baseurl}}/john-yau/">John Yau</a></li>
          <ul>
            <li style="font-family: 'Work Sans','Segoe UI',Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif;list-style-type: none;"><a style="color:#000;" href="{{site.baseurl}}/The-Presidents-Second-Telegram/">The President's Second Telegram</a></li>
            <li style="font-family: 'Work Sans','Segoe UI',Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif;list-style-type: none;"><a style="color:#000;" href="{{site.baseurl}}/The-Presidents-Telegram-3/">The President's Telegram (3)</a></li>
            <li style="font-family: 'Work Sans','Segoe UI',Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif;list-style-type: none;"><a style="color:#000;" href="{{site.baseurl}}/The-Congressmans-Explination/">The Congressman's Explanation</a></li>
          </ul>
        </ul>
      </div>
    </div>
  </section>
</div>